hi everyone welcome back today I wanted
to do a quick unboxing video for you
it's one of my favorite subscription
boxes I have talked about it in a
previous video I will link to that below
it is called use in and it is then in a
box this is a quarterly subscription box
and this is for the summer I have no
idea what's inside so let's just I do
have more details about it on a previous
blog post that I've done with my web
site so i will link that below so go
ahead and take a look but for now let's
see what the summer box is all about
once again it's going use in and it's
Zen in a box it's a husband and wife
from family affair and the husband
wanted to create this box or his wife to
bring her a little bit of zen once in a
while the summer box is here and I
haven't opened it I just took it out of
the big box so they came in so an
eye-opener for you in oh and discover it
with you guys as always it does have a
list of everything that's inside the box
it is hmm oh my gosh I told you in my
previous video to that it smells just
divine and delicious and it's
beautifully packaged it has the original
Chinese paper that you can use as a book
mark and origami whatever you want to
use it this is really beautiful has a
lot of purple so there you go I already
have other ones in my journal and
various books that I'm reading oh my
goodness you guys it smells so good
alright so let's see what's inside here
it's really beautiful oh they're all
packaged really nice in a little pouch
so they don't fall and go all over the
place so yeah let's see first product it
is Oh green tea mins beautiful pink
dragon fruit Wow three minutes equals 1
cup of green
occident oh wow green tea antioxidants
so mins with antioxidant what they smell
so good alright next thing in here it is
a seaweed toner simple skincare for
complicating creatures that's cute it's
called Shah Monty so let's see how it
smells and oh my goodness ah it's very
fresh all right seaweed toner very fresh
well have make a book so hopefully you
will not melt my makeup doesn't feel
like it but all right let's move on
another product it is a herbal bath
lavender no wonder oh this whole box
smells like lavender natural essential
oils help combat and fatigue it's very
highly concentrated stimulates and
balances body and mind it enhances
whelping to help combat fatigue lavender
it is a very soothing and relaxing smell
so all right mychelle dermis suta calls
another product in here its ultimate
lash and brow serum alright I'm very
intrigued I have no eyebrows I always
have to fill a min so improve the
appearance of flash length and volume
alright well we're going to try this out
and see how it goes alright there's more
lavender body spray beautiful and did I
mention that all the products are
natural and organic so they're very good
for you not just then aromatherapy
lavender body spray I amassed an
lavender is probably one of my favorite
so um I'm really excited there's so much
lavender in this box today all right
botanical fragrance and insect repellent
oh all right it's a little bottle here
that says from the salvia tropics notes
of silken vanilla sweet of orange and
orange cedarwood naturally repelled soft
winged insects well well oh and the
smell good night the vanilla I can smell
it through the ah very nice all right
Hugo natural handcrafted so vanilla and
sweet orange oh you guys this box it's
like a box of just cookies and just
still stuck at home in here beautiful
this again is coconut oil purified water
cocos and Jehovah seed oil so everything
so natural boobs so natural and we have
one two three four five six seven
products in here um if this is not then
then I don't know what it is I'm really
excited about all the lavender in all
honesty the lavender which is very
calming I have been using some of the my
own lavender essential oils because this
summer I am working with scissor Milan
and if you have a dog you should know
who Cesar Millan is and the dog
whisperer and when I started working
with him in the beginning of the summer
it was very scared of dogs I still have
some of the fear to work through but
working with him it's just like the
whole thing took a like it's on a
totally like different level um and one
of the things that
uses around dogs that are aggressive he
uses lavender oil he puts a little bit
on his hand and it just calms it's
soothing so that's one of his little
tricks so now I'm going to bathe myself
with all these lavender that I just
received in my losing box and hope that
all the dogs around me will be just calm
and not attack me but um yeah I'm really
excited about this summer box it's so
refreshing and just I have no words I've
always liked the box since last year
when I was first introduced to it it
just it makes the perfect beautiful gift
for your girlfriends for your mom they
do have a men's box as well so that's
fantastic my husband is very happy with
that and yeah i mean i only have good
things to say about this it's just I
don't have subscription boxes so this is
the one that I just kind of know just
decided to stick with because of all
these Zen products did come along and
yep it's all about relaxing and taking
the time to just be the time with
yourself for yourself as a woman I think
it's really sweet that the husband
developed this for his wife and just you
know thought of her needs and yeah if
you're interested to know more about it
i'll link it down below but it is one of
my favorites and I wanted to share with
you the summer one edition so yep well
thank you so much for watching all the
info is down below and I'll see you next
video